These bones wanna rise again.
Lord, he made a garden fair.
Made more fatter than he put him there.
These bones wanna rise again.
Took a rib from Adam's side.
But that tree you mustn't catch, these bones gonna rise again.
These bones wanna rise again In the garden safe and slump These bones wanna rise again At Miss Eve is how he wants These bones wanna rise again At that tree he took a fool These bones wanna rise again Then she'd kill her, ate some food These bones wanna rise again The next day when it'll all come down These bones wanna rise again At that hair how he did frown These bones wanna rise again Cause I know this snowy
Indeed indeed, I know that sisters, I know that we, these bones won't rise.
In fair, these bones won't rise again.
You can't find no rest, nowhere, these bones won't rise again.
Burn your dead body, shred your brow, these bones won't rise again.
And I guess that's what they for doing now, these bones won't rise again.
I know that we be gone, gone to rise again.